Ext gateways (#1757)
kyma-project/busola: docs/extensibility/jsonata.md

# Jsonata preset functions for resource-based extensions

**Table of Contents**

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Preset functions](#preset-functions)
  - [_matchByLabelSelector_](#matchbylabelselector)

## Overview

> This document describes useg of preset jsonata functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes how to use the preset JSONata functions.
```

## Preset functions

> ## matchByLabelSelector

Reviewer 2: Maybe it would be better to specify the arguments in the header?
```suggestion
## matchByLabelSelector(item, selectorPath)
```

Also please change the second parameter name, as it's not a `label`, but the path to labels.

> This function can be used to match pods using selector from resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function can be used to match Pods using a resource selector.
```

### Item parameters

> - **item** - pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **item** - Pod to be used.
```
